my 30 times reading and she asked me why
would that speak speaking to Wanda at
work I thought she said oh yes the
president is what people say about sheep
what would they say about you to your
face
well they made my next year but what
will they say about you when you're not
on this earth do you have the right here
and memoir or if you tell someone about
yourselves
welcome less important in use Agra what
what we would right now
what kind of likes people to read your
family if it's summer get an interview
with your pain way what would they say
about you where they think you're living
writing patients kind of giving you
spend time with them you showed them how
much anyone
or of the punch that we take for granted
sometimes we treat the strangers in the
Walmart parking lot better than we treat
the people we care about
then where were the last time you said
to Whitey Bulger best time ever
remember to dinner set your flowers
later feel why she number one
remember at one time your mission
ladies I know you can't remember but
you're number one everybody names
and that you still Karen have you spent
time with the kids on the bus trade
did I trust you
your children need discipline but they
also need your time
first where my husband and I got married
my dad gave what I call the sharp minute
speech to my husband five minutes before
I got married he take Georgia sauce with
my mother standing there and he said
George I don't like the interstates get
to my family 300 sharks in 300 minutes I
just wanted to let you know very many
sharks are you why are you telling this
five minutes before we get here you know
if you get in her way
she will chew so I've missed her
unfortunately in my family my personal
life and I really
I realized that the golden rule should
not apply it works better said you under
a verse as you have compact we have n
GOG you what kind of legacy are you
linking with your fancy your friends now
I'm not talking about God stuff like
they said gosh you're here so long I'm
talking about
what would your friends really say about
you are you forgiving retreads world
when you tell your friend something do
they know you keep it in confidence for
you to tentacle what kind of
what about other people are you the
person at the meeting that people crazy
stand up receive
do you go that your model and network
review to see just enough to get by when
you're walking on the hallways and
people run from you or today let's award
being encouraging positive
so how can really the lack of unipro
well we just it back to admit we need to
change it's kind of like diet any lines
we know that he had picked your eighteen
if you're a you can make
you had been a tall lanky person before
she concerns you've been
change does not want to change our
attitudes reactions how to treat people
that get it become our identity
just because people expect you to act a
certain way doesn't mean
we may like to Tina always in this way
on the side who can you become you need
to make some changes life how do you
treat others are you taking a legacy of
love from except that means like all the
things takes nor less
are you starting for them if you are
that's for forgiveness and report your
past is your past
we have sometimes we have ourselves a
our mistake
except you're clean right to make a
fresh start
do it on your own we can't wait legal
legacy of love without the help of
others we try that we fail how your
family
maybe change and ask for their values
herdsmen perceive this new life with
passion began to look for ways to help
out a church volunteer drew something
little yellow sunday-schools gallery
yes I'm you to share me give whatever
you can to an organization and achieve
the best types getting a lot of money
but whatever you get get a selfish
mother your mother should be or not
Micro in friendship
give up any to always be fine
then more time are you paying
we as employers
if you do these things will I
particularly
we're kind of like cedar
it is not a good one now
I know
how are you dinner hey this is a thank
you special thank you Davis
but we love to have was on the house